---
title: "About"
description: ""
featured_image: '/images/about.jpg'
menu:
  main:
    weight: 1
---
<!-- {{< figure src="/images/Victor_Hugo-Hunchback.jpg" title="Illustration from Victor Hugo et son temps (1881)" >}} -->

Benedicta and Sonnies Tears and Pains Charity is dedicated to offering aid and
empowerment to abused and overlooked widows. Our mission encompasses not only
assisting these women in need but also supporting religious activities through
the construction of churches in communities lacking access to places of
worship. My mission is to advocate for Ghanaian surviving spouses' access to
their late husband's Death Certificates, enabling them to claim what is
rightfully theirs. The lack of legal protection in the Ghana Law Reports leaves
widows vulnerable to mistreatment from extended family members, as my son and I
experienced firsthand. Benedicta and Sonnies Tears and Pains Charity aims to
support abused and neglected widows in Ghana facing challenges in meeting their
basic needs, such as lack of skills, education, and financial resources. These
widows lack proper housing and live in squalid conditions, some even requesting
boreholes and churches for their communities. The widows supported by Benedicta
and Sonnies Tears and Pains Charity hail from various regions in Ghana,
including the Volta, Greater Accra, Eastern, Central, Brong Ahafo, and Ashanti
regions. Many of these widows face health issues, depression, sadness, worry,
and low spirits. Through the Widow and Son Program, I had the privilege of
meeting 240 widows, with an additional 60 expressing their desire to join but
unable to do so due to financial constraints. As a Ghanaian widow who endured
challenges and hostilities from my late husband's family, preventing me from
participating in his final burial rites, I empathize deeply with these
suffering widows.

My primary objective is to ensure that Ghanaian surviving spouses have access
to their late husband's Death Certificates, granting them the rightful
entitlements they deserve. Sadly, the Ghana Bar Association lacks laws in the
Ghana Law Reports that safeguard surviving spouses from brutal attacks by the
deceased's extended family members. This gap in legal protection led to my son
and me facing the wrath of my late husband's family. 

Additionally, part of our mission is to help communities and churches in need
with fresh produce.
The United States of America has played a crucial role in our lives, and we are
grateful for their support. May God bless America, and may all glory be to the
Almighty God. Amen and Amen.
